### Hedera Mirror Node REST Client Configuration
#
# This file is configured for use with the VS Code REST Client extension.
# It allows you to query the Hedera Mirror Node API directly from your editor.
#
# For more information on the REST Client extension, visit:
# https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=humao.rest-client

# --- Environment Variables ---
#
# You can set variables here to easily switch between networks or targets.
# The HEDERA_TOPIC_ID can be found in your Backend/.env file.

# @mirrorNodeUrl = https://mainnet.mirrornode.hedera.com
@mirrorNodeUrl = https://testnet.mirrornode.hedera.com
@topicId = 0.0.7239748

###
# ===============================================================
# --- HCS Topic Queries ---
# ===============================================================

###
# @name Get Topic Messages
#
# Retrieves the list of messages submitted to the specified HCS topic.
# The messages are returned in descending order by consensus timestamp.
# The 'message' field is Base64 encoded.
#
GET {{mirrorNodeUrl}}/api/v1/topics/{{topicId}}/messages
Content-Type: application/json

###
# @name Get Topic Info
#
# Retrieves the information about the specified HCS topic, including the
# sequence number and running hash.
#
GET {{mirrorNodeUrl}}/api/v1/topics/{{topicId}}
Content-Type: application/json

###
# ===============================================================
# --- Other Example Queries ---
# ===============================================================

###
# @name Get Latest Transactions
#
# Retrieves the 25 most recent transactions on the network.
#
GET {{mirrorNodeUrl}}/api/v1/transactions
Content-Type: application/json

###
# @name Get Account Info
#
# Retrieves the details for a specific account.
# Replace '0.0.2' with any account ID you want to inspect.
#
GET {{mirrorNodeUrl}}/api/v1/accounts/0.0.2
Content-Type: application/json
